[Music]
hello you beautiful people welcome back
to another video I hope you're doing
really really good today's video is my
evening routine for a foggy and early
wakeup I always come in and say hello to
Penelope and then turn the lights on and
go in that home go out to the toilet
this is a new little trick all the must
and then I go and light my favorite
candles and get the house snow north of
Blair has been the kitchen race
afternoon and a child away all her toys
that she's had out and give her a little
you know then I would pop up to my
office and today I just had some little
things to finish off and some emails to
send the change didn't take me too long
especially be working like most a day
and then I just check over my to-do list
make sure I've got everything done and
I'm so organised for the next day I've
mentioned it's only tons but I think
lists and day to do left I just the most
helpful things ever and just keep me so
organized as well as having like a
natural written diary then I'm just sort
of tidying my things away and finishing
off the evening writing down things for
tomorrow next up I am going downstairs
to make some dinner tonight I'm making
like a chili with some rice
this is one of my favorite it's like
such a little warm hartley meal chopping
my salary so it's and we learn to cook
then I'm just chopping some garlic and
also some onion and just shoving that
all in the pan first next up I am just
seasoning everything I use like an
all-purpose one some more garlic you
love adding garlic to everything some
chili powder you can just kind of add a
lots of bits and bobs specially in a
chili it really makes such a big
difference
then I'm adding some notes me obviously
can use other alternatives if you're a
vegetarian or anything giving that a
stir and add in some beans these are red
kidney beans from absolute fave as well
as some chopped tomatoes and a bit of
sweet country when this is my finish
your thing I had some rice that I've
made last night and I've also topped it
with some cheese after Modena I'm
heading for a shower and I always start
with washing my face with this simple
facial wash here and my products I use
this Bed Head oil infused conditioner
which smells amazing actually swear by
this in the winter months then here is
my toner it's just a L'Oreal magnesium
silver and it's a serious birth and I've
used it for about a year and I'm really
really liking it
this is my shampoo am using as well it's
just a mane and tail woman I got Amazon
and so yeah hair wash day which is the
biggest mammoth task of my life I always
think it's good to do this like the
night before as well I'm such an evening
shower super steamy then I'm a heading
over to a bedroom and finding my
confused pajamas which my favorite silk
ones these are from the pretty dog thing
doing my tan then going and tearing my
face I use the Garnier micellar
cleansing water and some cotton wool
pads before going in and drying this
hair here's my coconut spray they love
Amazon it's just like I'm a heat
protector it really good giving my hair
a Porsche it was so naughty
if you have any hair chemical notions I
would love to hear about those then
blow-drying my hair I always do this
like stood in the weirdest and 4news
patient's and it's always upside to
answer me
we always like hash I knees well
I always make sure you've got a heat
check sir I have the biggest sweet tooth
in England and it was really random but
I which is really fancy and some
chocolate dipped strawberries so I'm
just heating some chocolate and mounting
it in the microwave it's not amazing and
getting my strawberries and deep in them
God this actually looks so satisfying on
the camera watching it back and then I
pop them in the fridge as well for a few
minutes and just let them harden up I
had some dark chocolate me knew that I
don't have to say that in the coat so
I'll just put sprinkle that on top of
them as well this is the finished
product
[Music]
we so cozy at this time of year I might
put a lot going on and just get really
comfortable
[Music]
then I'm going up to bed putting this
midnight recovery concentration solution
although on the face it's by Kiehl's it
is so good I like to put quite a big
generous amount on it's really deep in
Australian and then I am just chatting
over what I've got to do tomorrow and
making sure and organized especially I'm
getting it as it just makes life so much
easier
I'm just ninja from bet things doing a
lot quicker as well we've had times
where I always like to read a bit of a
book I should started a new one so yeah
and then I'm going to finish my six
minute diary I do this morning and night
and honestly it makes such a big
difference ultimately left moaned it if
you haven't then I usually turn the
lights off for that time if I'm getting
up at 5:00 and that brings me to the end
this video I really really hope you
enjoy don't forget to hit this with a
like and subscribe to my channel and
I'll see you guys in the next video